Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Why does Griffith value you so much?
There's no reason...
...in particular.
Do you really need a reason...
...each time I decide to
lay my life on the line for you?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Conspiracy
All right!
Stretch out the rest of the ropes!
Any sign of the enemy?
Nothing at all.
Even if hundreds or thousands
of the enemy attempt an attack...
The elite of the valiant Blue Whale
Heavy Assault Knights are gathered here!
No one can set one foot in
a stronghold under our guard!
Listen...
You always must
be on your guard in war.
Do not cease to be vigilant!
Yes, sir!
Our commander is unusually alert.
Yeah, it's because he's
been given such an important job.
I suppose he cannot
help but be enthusiastic.
Is it from Guts?
No doubt, it's the
signal for the next phase!
Good!
Let's move.
Enemy raid!
What?
An enemy raid?
Enemy raid!
Let's go!
Ready!
Enemy raid!
They finally showed their faces!
Ave, sir!
Well, fire the cannons into
the center of their formation!
Sir, it is impossible to
reach them at this distance.
Then send out the whole unit,
and tear those rotten kids apart!
Yes, sir!
Hold on a minute!
This is their trap!
They must realize how difficult it
would be to destroy this stronghold.
So, they are plotting to
lead us out into the field!
How foolish they are!
Such cheap tricks are
of no use against Sir Adon...
...the most resourceful
commander in Chuder's army.
Now, what are we supposed to do?
Ignore them.
What?
Let them buzz around as they like!
All right!
It's time to get moving!
Griffith!
I've confirmed that all the
Raiders have crossed the river!
Excellent!
Let us vanish from
the sight of the enemy!
It looks like they're pulling back!
It's not worth risking their lives to
attack this impregnable stronghold!
Message!
Open the gate!
What's happened?
The General will be visiting this
castle about an important operation!
R-Really?
I'll pass the information
to your commander directly!
Certainly!
W-What's this?
W-What's the meaning of this?
They snuck in from the rear gate!
They disappeared and
then burst in from the back!
What a dirty trick!
Blow them all apart!
Y-Yes, sir!
We'll repel them with our entire force!
Should we send the signal now?
No, first we secure their way in!
It's an enemy raid!
Bring all the bridge
guards back into the castle!
Griffith...
We shall wait for the signal.
Can't he be quick about it?
I wonder why he puts
so much faith in Guts...
What's going on?
Why did you open the gate?
Now!
Yes, sir!
W-What was that?
Griffith!
Rush the front gate
of the castle, quickly!
Shit!
Do they think they can
succeed with such a small number?
I, Sir Adon, shall put an
end to their lives personally!
The enemy is
breaking through the front!
Damn it!
What sneaky tactics,
charging in from both sides like that!
We're caught between the
two groups, it's out of our control!
Give us your next command, sir!
We retreat!
But...
I am one of the key
brains of the Chuder Empire!
I must avoid dying in vain here!
That's our commander!
You had a raft prepared just in case!
I am always prepared!
It is a commander's duty!
C-Commander!
Commander!
Please, take us with you.
Please!
Get away!
How outrageous of you!
This raft is a precious heirloom...
...that has been handed down
through the Coborlwitz family!
Remove your armor, you can all swim!
You did well.
I just followed your orders.
We did it!
Finally, we drove a
wedge into Chuder's territory.
We've opened the
pass leading to Doldrey.
Oh boy, that was a long walk!
First I'll feed my
stomach with a sumptuous meal...
...and then I'll have
a well-deserved rest!
Y-Your Grace, General Boscogn!
What happened to Fort Brax?
W-Well, our enemy
was so devious that...
...even I was inferior in
terms of underhanded trickery, sir.
So, did you just roll over
and surrender the fortress?
No, I deliberately withdrew and
let them occupy the fort temporarily...
...to give us ample
time to regroup, sir...
Enough lies!
Is your brain capable of realizing how
important that fort was to our deployment?
W-Well, sir...
I'm warning you, this is the
last time I will support you!
Lord Boscogn...
A warrior must always follow
the principles of honor and justice!
This is true now and always!
Yes, sir!
This time, I shall put an end
to them with the secret tactics...
...that have been passed down through
the Coborlwitz family for 500 years!
No doubt about it!
It's 500 years now?
Not quarreling with some evil design...
Not straying from virtue...
Sacrifice thyself ceaselessly...
Render your services to
our fief for peace and security...
The title of count is
bestowed upon thee...
...place thy flesh and heart in heaven.
Separate thyself from falsehood...
Uphold the law, know the subjects...
Be valiant, and with due
majesty, advance the war.
Stand prepared for thy foe with
clue thirst for battle, and fear not.
Despite the machinations of
thy foes, who march upon thee...
...thou, the duly appointed count
of our glorious Kingdom of Midland...
He has become a count...
Say, did you hear about it?
Sir Griffith was
awarded the title of count!
I've heard that too!
He's so handsome!
I'm jealous because he is so attractive
and more graceful than any woman!
Not only that...
...he is the greatest
swordsman in the kingdom...
...and commands the strongest army!
He is far more classy
than those awkward nobles...
...and he has so much
presence and elegance!
True, compared to him, those
minsters in the court are all rude and rough.
The poor ministers just can't
be compared with Sir Griffith!
You women!
You should not speak of such things!
W-We are sorry, Your Excellency!
Those gossips...
General Yurius...
What is the use of yelling at them, as
your voice may echo through the court?
You look very
displeased for some reason.
It makes me wonder what is wrong.
It is no concern of yours!
Oh, yes.
Did Your Grace
happen to learn about the...
...King's escort for
the upcoming Fall Hunt?
In that matter...
...my unit, the White Dragon Knights,
are regularly assigned to the task.
What is your point?
The Hawks were requested to
be the escort by Imperial decree.
T-That cannot be!
It is reliable information...
Nonsense!
The Fall Hunt is an important
event that allows the King...
...to promote friendly
relations between feudal lords.
Our best knights, the White
Dragons, are the only ones...
...who are allowed to serve the
King in that honorable assignment.
How could those upstart
thieves take that from us?
What is His Majesty thinking?
Will you allow this affair to take place?
What do you mean?
The White Dragons were reputed to
be the strongest unit in the kingdom.
Nevertheless, their glory
has turned insignificant...
...due to the emergence of the Hawks.
Y-You...
This is a rumor.
As I say, it is a rumor within the court.
It is an undoubted fact
that the Hawks are invincible.
There is no sign that the disturbances
of war will subside any time soon.
Therefore, that man will keep winning
honors through his military exploits.
Additionally, His Majesty highly
appreciates that boy, as you can see.
So, while I don't know how
he won His Majesty's favor...
If things go badly, that
boy might become a general...
Do not talk nonsense!
I would never permit it!
It is unheard of, some upstart
mercenary becoming a general!
That bastard could
be a general like I am?
That man of common origins
would be on the same level as me?
Well, I just mentioned the
possibility, that which could be...
I won't allow it!
I absolutely will not allow it!
However, some danger
always lies in the act of hunting...
...despite the fact
it is an Imperial event.
You never know what kind of
beasts hide within the woods...
What are you trying to say?
Of course, not only
are the beasts dangerous...
...but also the stray arrows that
may have been launched at the beasts.
A stray arrow?
And a nastily
poisoned stray arrow at that...
If you mean...
A stray arrow, General.
A stray arrow...
Interesting!
It would be a proper death
for a man of common birth!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Nothing is more profound or
ever-lasting than envy and enmity.
Man lives on in the deep
darkness of such feelings...
...and there, he forever
strives against his sinful fate.
In this world, is having
affection for another an avoidable sin?
Assassination
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm